good morning from home all clear today vi
we'll show you how to prune sfeir bingo
moon commonly called rhyncospermum
is an ideal evergreen plant for
signaling hedge and to create
so some privacy inside the
own garden
today we will be able to handle the untidy branches as in
In this case, see how they stretch
around your arm and we shorten you into
this way obviously the cuts must
always be done obliquely in
so as to avoid pests
animals can make the plant of
create serious problems we are a bit
I present lucky you can tell
also important to allow the
blackmail of new exam objects at the base
that the plant if not sufficiently
roadway careful to undress
obviously to withdraw lower rates
by the council assessors of the stylate
these become infected precisely to avoid
Diversity attacks re using this way
as you can see they are very long and
messy we all go into those whistles
let's give a mortar to the hair of the era
really illustrate to us that they tend to
in fact the plant that stretch a lot
grows and develops in no time
as you can see in this case there is also a
parasitic attack and times indeed
that your dot to here
species of leroy de which strikes the
plant is yes while of the link
inside the vessels is causing that
what in this case I pass the leaves
they are attacked by the fumaggine that
do not have fujia that is formed in
followed by the whole product lassa
succeeds from the age we must do
be careful when we bring the rhythm
sfeir mom as you see inside the
vases once broken and one comes out
whitish latex species that is
poisonous so we also protect in
this case ours our hands and
also says here from this latex
poisonous
we continue inspection of our the
gospel boom that we therefore provide to
always eliminate how far we come
shears too long and
messy you see this as it is
stretched this
causes the plant to establish itself again
better
obviously then we will see drying and the
little prince we can stop in ours
composting is an evergreen plant
which produces beautiful and fragrant
flowers at least twice a year a house
and everything I put to the next one